src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Welcome to Vixen UI
description: The super fast and light weight Desktop UI framework for Nodejs.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Build extremely fast and light weight Desktop applications with Typescript and CSS Like Styling.
  image:
    file: ../../assets/Vixen.svg
  actions:
    - text: Get started
      link: getting-started/installation/
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: Read the docs
      link: build-application-vanilla/
      icon: external
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Features

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card title="Cross Platform" icon="starlight">
		Vixe UI Works in Windows, Linux  & Mac
	</Card>
	<Card title="Ultra efficient" icon="seti:cpp">
		Vixen UI Was based on Qt6 Cpp library, so you can build extremely cost efficient desktop UI's.
		Currently CPU takes `0% usage` on Idle state and the memory usage for a basic program is under `20MB`. 
	</Card>
	<Card title="Style your app With CSS" icon="seti:css">
		Use CSS To style your UI with full suport to `Flexbox` layout.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Build on top of Typescript" icon="seti:typescript">
		This project was made on Typescript, but if you like to work with JS, you can use it also.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Vixen CLI" icon="seti:config">
		Setup your development environment easly with our [CLI Tool](https://github.com/vixen-js/create-vixen?tab=readme-ov-file#create-vixen-cli).
	</Card>
	<Card title="Developer friendly" icon="seti:react">
		if you like [React.js](https://github.com/vixen-js/template-react) you can use it to develop Vixen Applcations.
	</Card>
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

feat: updated disclaimer in home page to avoid problems in the future

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Welcome to Vixen UI
description: The super fast and light weight Desktop UI framework for Nodejs.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Build extremely fast and light weight Desktop applications with Typescript and CSS Like Styling.
  image:
    file: ../../assets/Vixen.svg
  actions:
    - text: Get started
      link: getting-started/installation/
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: Read the docs
      link: build-application-vanilla/
      icon: external
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Disclaimer
-------
#### 🚧 This project is under active development, so some API's may change in the future. Dot use it in a production environment. 🚧
------- 

## Features

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card title="Cross Platform" icon="starlight">
		Vixe UI Works in Windows, Linux  & Mac
	</Card>
	<Card title="Ultra efficient" icon="seti:cpp">
		Vixen UI Was based on Qt6 Cpp library, so you can build extremely cost efficient desktop UI's.
		Currently CPU takes `0% usage` on Idle state and the memory usage for a basic program is under `20MB`. 
	</Card>
	<Card title="Style your app With CSS" icon="seti:css">
		Use CSS To style your UI with full suport to `Flexbox` layout.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Build on top of Typescript" icon="seti:typescript">
		This project was made on Typescript, but if you like to work with JS, you can use it also.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Vixen CLI" icon="seti:config">
		Setup your development environment easly with our [CLI Tool](https://github.com/vixen-js/create-vixen?tab=readme-ov-file#create-vixen-cli).
	</Card>
	<Card title="Developer friendly" icon="seti:react">
		if you like [React.js](https://github.com/vixen-js/template-react) you can use it to develop Vixen Applcations.
	</Card>
</CardGrid>
